Half our way from the reopen in Hong
Kong mainland. Chinese market still shut
for the holiday. You're watching the
China show. I'm Ivon Man with David and
Glass.
>> Good morning. Let's get to your top
stories today. AI in play. Stocks across
the region are on the up. Global
equities hit a fresh high here with
traders shrugging off the US government
shutdown again.
>> Hong Kong markets set to reopen from
that holiday as investors assess early
data on travel and consumption during
China's golden week. Also ahead on shows
here, President Trump says he will be
pressing China to restart soybean
purchases when he meets President Xi
Jinping later this month.
>> And crypto and focus at Token 2049 in
Singapore. Catch our exclusive with
venture capital firm Dragonfly.
[Music]
Oh, it's going to be fun out there
today. If you're a bull, if you're long
these markets, if you're long AI in
particular, a lot of themes we'll get to
in a moment. The Samsung SKH Highix
store, the TSMC rally just now. JP
Morgan upgrading their price target to
240 bucks for Alibaba. More on that in a
moment. 45% was the delta from the
previous uh price target. As you can
see, a rally is taking place across the
board. be flipped into the green as far
as S&P futures are concerned. We talked
about this chip story next board coming
up and reason why you're looking at that
big move on the Cosby index is because
of what we're seeing here as far as this
is concerned supply as far as the open
AI story is concerned. TSMC's coming
online. We're up a further 3%
uh in the Taiwan session uh today. The
dollar story certainly helps because it
is on the weaker side of things. In
fact, it has been weaker for a fifth
straight day. Dollar index coming up
very very shortly. Hey, you have dollar,
yen, euro, dollar, and your 10-year
yield on the back of I guess
conversations around what data are we
going to get this week. U so you have
initial jobless claims that's scheduled
for Thursday. Of course, if you have a
shutdown, that's not going to come out.
Jobs report comes out on Friday. Flip
the page, please, and have a look at
where we are as far as some of the
commodity plays are concerned. So
everything from iron ore and copper,
which had been rallying, gold futures
are pulling back a little bit as with by
double the delta here in terms of silver
futures there. So certainly um co copper
related plays are going to be very much
in focus on the reopen in Hong Kong.
Some of the gold mining stocks of course
uh zuin gold of course second day of
trading today. We'll see what that looks
like following that blockbuster uh debut
very quickly. A50 futures coming online
I would imagine very much green on your
screens coming up very very shortly
there among the many things of course
will be going into the open today.
There's a chance we might test and we
might actually close above by the way uh
some of the highs that we hit back in
midsepptember. We'll get to those levels
in a in a moment. But yeah, uh looks
like we're set for a rally here today.
>> Yeah, chips, anything AI related, that
certainly is now our top story here in
just the last couple minutes. We're
recalibrating our rundowns as we speak,
guys. But here's what the agenda is
looking like here today. Of course,
focusing on this Hong Kong reopen. So,
the tech space uh could be that big
driver here today. Uh golden week
holiday data, we're starting to get
little inklings of it and it seems to be
overall uh pretty optimistic at one
point here, but Macau certainly were
watching that very closely. Those
numbers that we got yesterday as well.
gold, casinos, copper, that's very much
in focus. And we did get some sales
numbers when it comes uh to some of the
EV sectors, right? So BYD, that was a
bit of a disappointment. So we'll watch
that here this morning. We have August
retail sales coming through in Hong Kong
and still watching, of course, the highs
when it comes to overnight highore
>> 5% on the last fixing. Yeah, we'll get
that today. Okay. Um let's have a look
at how we are likely set to trade as we
reopen here in Hong Kong. if any of the
proxies overnight are any indication and
some of the news willful after those
markets close. Two-day move on K web
two-day move on FXI on your screens
right now. A50 futures up a fifth of 1%.
Mark Cranfield is with us right now to
Singapore to help us understand this
approach to the open. Mark uh suffice to
say we'll likely see a gap open question
mark as we go into the Hong Kong reopen
today. Mark,
>> yeah, it' be surprising if we didn't
open pretty strongly today. I mean
everything supports Hong Kong markets
really. You've had a very nice tailwind
from the US yields coming down in
America which is good for everybody of
course uh dollar softer as you were
mentioning earlier. Everything is in
place here and people are assuming that
the the US shutdown won't last very long
in which case the equity market in
America will look past it. um they they
would be concerned if it stretched say
for a month or so something like that
that will impact the earning season and
then people might be a little bit more
concerned but then when you talk about
the AI story that seems to supersede
everything it doesn't really matter
what's going on with the lack of data or
any noise from the sidelines as long as
people see a big boost for AI then
they're pretty happy and when you get a
45% upgrade in the Alibaba bar stock
price that takes care of everything
really even that this BYD story
overnight their sales are down, but BYD
has been underperforming the Hong Kong
market so much already. Investors won't
be too concerned about that. So, it will
be pretty surprising if we don't get a
decent day today in in Hong Kong and it
will be able to keep up with the pace
that we've seen around the world.
>> This this whole Samsung SKH deal with
OpenAI Mark, I mean, it seems like it's
a big deal, you know, given the fact
that these two companies are are
basically tech giants that have a huge
waiting on the Cosby. Did it just give a
bit more sort of leg room for this rally
to continue in Korea?
>> I mean, the the optics are fantastic.
Um, everybody loves the anything that
boosts the AI story is good for
sentiment. If you look at the the Korean
one is relatively cheap on a global
basis, that helps as well for foreign
investors get a bit of a lift from the
from the currency. Certainly, it will
help the the Korean stock market to
perform well. And when you think of the
the Korean stock market may have been
looking a little bit stretched, but when
you compare it to what's going on in
America, it really doesn't look quite so
bad. So once again, on a relative basis,
most of Asia doesn't look too bad
compared to to the gang busters moves
we're seeing in the United States. So
all in all, the markets can accommodate
a little bit more upside in there.
There's a bit of a circular argument to
the AI space which some people are
showing concern about some of the
funding, the money which is being raised
by companies like Oracle going back into
the AI space as well just to build more
data centers. That's more of a long-term
issue. At some stage, people will focus
on that, but that's probably something
for next year. In the meantime, what
they're concerned about is the the flood
of money which is going in creating
opportunities. We may well see that
reflected. People will be looking at
Nvidia when we get to the quarterly
earning season which begins pretty soon.
Nvidia will once again be the star in
that context. What their outlook is in
terms of demand for AI products will be
very important and that will feed back
into the Asian AI story as well. For
now, nobody wants to rock the boat. They
want to run this theme as much as
possible and it could well last through
to the end of the year. particularly as
a backdrop is that the Federal Reserve
probably has room to lower interest
rates a couple more times.
>> Mark, what's the risks? I mean, okay,
there we go. I' I've forgotten how to
spell risk now. What's the what remind
us what to be paying attention to here?
>> Obviously, the the outlier really is on
the geopolitical scene here. This this
nice comfortable backdrop. One of the
key things of course has been the
standoff between the United States and
China over trade. Ever since they called
a truce and they started to be nice to
one another going back to the around the
after the liberation day shock we had to
markets the US and China decided it was
much better if they got around the table
started talking and doing these delay
these these 90-day periods of talking to
one another trying to improve the trade
relationship over tariffs that has been
rolling on for some time and it's a very
important backdrop to the whole scenario
for helping to keep global markets on an
even keel. President Trump and President
Xi are likely to meet at the APEC
summit. If that goes smoothly, again,
that pushes forward the context for good
support for the financial markets. If
there's a falling out between President
Xi and President Trump, that is not
priced into markets at all. That would
reverse us back to something like we saw
in April, and nobody really wants to go
there. It's a tail risk for the time
being, but as we get close to the APEC
meeting, people will probably start to
think what if it doesn't go as smoothly
as everybody is anticipating because
that is probably the biggest risk to
financial markets in the near term.
>> Mark, thank you. Mark Cranfield there,
our Bloomberg Mline strategist joining
us out of Singapore. Some sectors that
we're watching ahead of the reopen in
Hong Kong as well. We're talking about
EVs, we're talking about casinos. Let's
start with BYD. The sales for September
fell for the first time in over 18
months amid strong domestic competition.
Meanwhile, Mall's gaming revenue for the
month missed estimates as well as
visitor numbers fell. Let's bring in our
team. Our China correspondent Mman Lo
joins us along with our conglomerates
consumer and gaming reporter Shirley
Dial. Mimman, I'll start with you with
BYD. Not a good report card for
September. Yeah, actually you got to
wonder whether this is a turning point
for BYD because it declined sales
declined by 5.5% on year in September
and as you said it's the first decline
in about one and a half years and if you
remove the Luna New Year fluctuations
it's actually the first decline since
2020 when CO disrupted supply chains and
it shows you the intense competition is
there despite the anti-involution
campaign in place and it's particularly
stark when you compare to some of BYD's
competitors in the sector right you look
at uh expert we're looking at over 90%
gain uh on year in September. Lead
Mortal as well over 90% and Jill 35%
gain and that's a company that is
restructuring now in order to better
compete with BYD. It is in the process
of withdrawing uh the Zika brand from
the New York Stock Exchange. Uh and so
we'll see if you look at the year-to-
date stock performance so far by has
certainly been trailing behind some of
its other peers.
>> So what's next then? How do we how do we
throw the story forward? So for this
company, analysts are saying that it
will have to focus on its strengths,
which is to focus on the overseas market
to drive volume. Because domestically,
the price pressures are still there.
Despite the anti-involution campaign,
many companies are just outright
ignoring the government directive. They
are still either offering discounts or
keeping prices flat. So the margins are
not really there. Uh so the capex
spending for BYD will likely focus on
expanding its overseas factories to
maintain that economies uh economy of
scale to keep up that margin especially
for the overseas market.
>> Right. Shirley, can I bring you in here
just to talk about the Macau data and
the conversations we've had there? So
the the monthly intake which is somewhat
backward looking of course missing
estimate. Let's start there. What what
was behind that weakness? Um so
September we've seen a series of bad
weather events including the super
typhoon Ragasa which wre havoc in both
Macau and Hong Kong and Macau raced its
top tropical storm Signal and all the
casinos shut for uh more than one day
and a lot of flights and trains were
cancelled both in Hong Kong and in Macau
and that seriously affected tourism in
the city and that has had an impact on
Macau's September gaming performance and
September is traditionally quite slow
for Macau as well because it follows
directly the summer holiday where a lot
of families visited Macau but in
September as kids go back to school the
family tourists are gone so that's why
um September's gaming performance in
Macau is a bit slow and
>> what's the outlook for for October
obviously we have the golden week
holiday what are analysts saying now
>> yes so there are a couple of catalysts
remaining in Macau
uh in October including the golden week.
Um and uh we are expected to see a
tourism boom uh in Macau during this
week-long holiday. Um and also you know
Macau government and Macau casinos have
been focusing on rolling out more
concerts and major events to drive mass
market tourism. And um in October there
are a couple of major events including
the NBA China games. Yeah, that's going
to happen, you know, later this month.
So, um, it remains to be seen whether it
will really drive gaming performance in
Macau, but analysts are, uh, pretty
optimistic.
>> All right, Shirley Jiao, our Bloomberg
conglomerates consumer and gaming
reporter. Also, thanks to Mimo, our
China correspondent on some things to
watch at the open. And we'll be digging
into the Hong Kong reopen with Morgan
Stanley later on. Laura Wang joins us to
talk a little bit more about the
fundamentals of this rally, what she's
seeing structurally there and what's
really driving these fund flows into the
region.
>> Yeah, we have lots of questions now for
Laura Wang and where we go with this
rally as we go into the reopen today.
There's just to also mention Shirley
mentioned this typhoon is another
typhoon that's on the way. It hits us on
the weekend so we can worry about in a
few days. In the meantime though, it
it's looking like a strong open is ahead
of us. Alibaba's indicated higher. BYD
is indicated lower. The opening about 16
minutes and 30 seconds away. This is the
China show
[Music]
right uh welcome back. So end of the
month towards the end of the month of
course is a big meeting taking place
according to President Trump. They are
set to meet uh with Xi Jinping. Soybeans
look set to be very high in that agenda.
Um as American farmers are increasingly
worried about the lack or absence of
orders here out of the Chinese. Their
crops will go unpurchased this year
without a single trade uh with trade
generally speaking with with Beijing.
Let's bring in Stephen Angler, our chief
North Asia correspondent on what the
latest here as far as soybeans.
>> Soybeans. Yeah, that's moving up to the
top of uh the agenda as far as issues
that Donald Trump wants to talk to uh
Xiinping about obviously because China
essentially according to the data we
have has not ordered any soybean cargos
from the United States since the harvest
began last month and that is a big shock
to American farmers which conventional
wisdom would say many of them in the
Midwest probably voted for Donald Trump
and they are getting increasingly angry.
They're worried about stockpiles filling
up their silos and prices falling. And
prices have been falling. They've had
the worst 2-year stretch of prices in
soybeans uh in a decade. And right now
prices are down and demand has flatlined
and that is really concerning these
these farmers. Uh and so Donald Trump
has said it's going to be a major topic
of discussion when he meets she in about
four weeks on the sidelines of APEC. And
he is says basically is asserting that
China is doing this for negotiating
reasons only not by not buying. It's a
negotiating tactic. And why not? China
knows that the United States needs China
because again the soybean crops
traditionally anywhere between 30 to 60%
of American soybean crops are sent to
China depending on the year depending on
the politics and it was a focal point of
the first trade deal that Trump
negotiated with China. It fell apart of
course because of the pandemic and other
issues but you know we need to look at
some charts. Oh, you already brought it
up. There's the flat line, the white
line. China's not buying and it's been
four weeks of the harvest already since
the beginning of September. We're 1/5if
the way through the harvest according to
uh the you know the industry groups and
this is expected to be about 117 million
metric ton crop this year and they could
be sitting
idle. So that's a big problem. Let's
bring up a next chart about the
sentiment that farmers have right now.
uh it's sinking because of those the
potential of overflowing storage bins
and then we can bring up the next chart
and show the prices how they've looked
over the last couple of years. It's it's
a ski slope downwards.
>> Yeah. Um so we talked about, you know,
soybeans possibly being a negotiating
tactic by China. We talked about the
priorities already leading up to APE. It
seems like it's Tik Tok,
>> maybe a little bit of Taiwan,
>> magnets. Yeah. What does this trade deal
potentially look like now between US and
China?
>> If we could still call it a trade deal
actually or
>> we don't even know if there's a trade
deal. Donald Trump's been a pretty open
book in his negotiating tactics. How
open has China been in its strategy
other than you follow the money. You
follow the data. China clearly is buying
from Argentina. They're buying soybeans
from Brazil. They're not buying from the
United States at all this year or this
harvest. Uh, so again, you have to kind
of, you know, I I would probably agree
with Donald Trump that China is using
this as a negotiating tool. Why not?
Yeah. If they have that leverage, why
not? Um, and Republican lawmakers
already in the last 24 hours or so after
having a closed- dooror meeting with the
US ambassador to China, David Purdue,
got the assessment, I assume, from him,
that China is not going to be buying
anytime soon. Why? Because that meeting
between she and Trump is not going to
happen for another four weeks. So
another month of the harvest is going to
go untouched by China. So again, it's
becoming a bit uh dicey time for
farmers. That's why Trump again
mentioned today that we might use some
of that uh revenue that they're getting
from tariffs and send that in the form
of aid to farmers. But again, farmers
from the farmers Bloomberg News has
talked to, they don't want handouts.
They want a trade deal with China that's
sustainable and they know that their
crops will be sent. If they get cash
handouts, they still have that excess
inventory.
>> Yeah, they want future cash flows,
predictable cash flows, not a one-time
offer.
>> Steve, fantastic. Stephen Angel, our
chief North Asia, uh, correspondent
there.
>> In other news that we're tracking out of
the US, the White House budget director
is said to be planning to swiftly
dismiss federal workers amid the US
government shutdown. Sources say House
lawmakers have been told that some
agencies will terminate workers within
one or two days, although it's unclear
which positions or agencies would be
affected. It's a sign that Republicans
will employ hardball tactics to pressure
Democrats to cave and end the shutdown.
The US Supreme Court has refused to
allow President Trump to immediately
fire Fed Governor Lisa Cook while she
sues to keep her job. The decision deals
a setback to Trump's efforts to exert
more control over the central bank. The
order means Cook can remain in her
position at least until the justice's
rule after hearing arguments in the case
scheduled for January.
>> Right. Who would have thought 20,000
27,000 could be in play. We're just
about 80 points short of that. Based on
the pre-markets right now, we're looking
at shares of Alibaba following that
upgrade coming through out of JP Morgan
45% upgrade to the share price to 240
bucks. Hong Kong dollars a pop. Bus is
coming up on your screens very shortly.
This is an extremely short list of the
many themes and sectors and factors
we're tracking going into the reopen of
Hong Kong markets today. Just under 9
minutes away. Plenty more ahead. A
preview, by the way, of that trading
session is just ahead. This is the China
show. Good morning.
[Music]
All right. Brace yourself, right? It's
going to be a pretty decent rally when
it comes to the tech space here today.
Alibaba is already up one and a half%
here. This is on the back of possibly
this JP Morgan upgrade on the price
target by 45%. They're now talking about
year-end target for 2026 at 240 for the
Hong Kong listed share maintain that
overweight here. Really talking about
they said cloud synergies they say and
really becoming a tier one asset in
China. That's the shift in the narrative
when it comes to that whole Alibaba
story. So that's uh the call from Alex
Yao and his team there. Uh so that's one
to watch here. BU certainly had a big
one overnight as well. We're watching of
course other sectors. The EV space
certainly is interesting given what we
heard from some of these September
monthly sales numbers as well. BYD was a
bit of a disappointment there. But there
you go. Unchanged when it comes to BYOY.
The rest of the sector though still
looking pretty good and risk. Right.
Look at Neo. Look at Great Wall Motor
here right now. Macau Casinos is also
one to watch. We talked about the the
miss when it comes to game revenue.
Could be just kind of a post summer
season lull. Maybe
>> September is a seasonally quiet month
between school and of course the golden
week which we're not looking forward to
currently.
>> But prospects have been good. Look at
look I mean the market has been actually
gaining I mean the industry because of
what's what could happen from golden
week right there's a lot of optimism
around that.
>> In fact when you look at some of the
close overnight so you know you look at
Las Vegas Sands at Wind Resorts as a
proxy to what perhaps we'll see today.
They don't see incredibly bothered at
all with the data that missed estimates
there.
>> Yeah. Zing gold of course we're we're
coming back from that Hong Kong holiday
so we'll see how another day of trade
looks like there and there you go still
looking good after its IPO 126 right now
for the price of Zing gold jangi copper
though is h going the opposite direction
here right now but certainly that is one
to watch here um we'll see a c that's a
good one here as well uh just given what
we've been seeing all things lithium and
reopening that mine uh that mine opening
that certainly is one thing you're
watching here today Dave
>> yeah that was the the watch we had from
early September and we were looking at
that of course I think it was third or
fourth week in September but certainly
the lithium conversation has moved on
from that point in time it's hard to
believe we're already fourth quarter of
of 2020 what year is it 2025 okay um and
we will be getting of course the first
session of the quarter out of hanging
index and who would have thought we'd be
at 27,000 at this point in time but yet
here we are within striking distance of
that specific level again 10,000 nice
round numbers we're very close to that
on the hang uh China index as well. No
fix today. It's a reminder that Hong
Kong reopens but mainland markets remain
shut uh for a few more days so we can
have the conversation next week. Just
very briefly at about these levels. So I
think it was very recently a charts
coming up shortly. We were above 27,000
but we closed below that. Reason I bring
that up is if you draw that line and you
look at that gap around summer of 2021,
if I'm racking my brain, the news flows
around that whether that was common
prosperity, u conversations around the
education sector, how far we've come
back and we're testing that gap lower,
something to watch moving forward. The
open is next. You're watching the China
show.
[Music]
Welcome back. You're watching the China
show. Midland markets remain shut. Hong
Kong reopens in about 42 seconds.
Initial pricing is a strong one going
into the open today. even stronger
perhaps on the back of that sort of
lastm minute 40 minutes back note coming
out of JP Morgan and that upgrade to
Morgans's to Alibaba price target 45%
$240 now is the price target for the
next 12 months or so that's really
lifting that among many things that
we're tracking here today Ivon
>> I mean it's interesting right even with
mainland markets shut we still see so
much momentum in this Hong Kong rally
right who who needs these southbound
flows
>> we'll see right
>> what's shut down
>> yeah you take a look at what's going on
right so you talk about all the news
that we're talking about whether it's a
Samsung and SKH deal with Open AI that
certainly was a big sort of trigger here
this morning for Korea to really stand
out then you have when it comes to that
price target for Alibaba from JP Morgan
uh 45% upgrade to the price target for
2026 that's massive really uh we'll talk
about that in just a bit but in terms of
the Hong Kong open here you go right so
we're up about a fifth of 1% for the
hangs tech seems to be seeing some
decent gains here at the open and
certainly we're watching very closely ly
Alibaba. There you go. One and a half%
pop there. We're at 180 bucks for the
stock. So, if Morgan basically saying
it's really the improved outlook when it
comes to revenue uh that really is
leading them to behind this upgrade and
really the fact that they're saying 240
now for the year- end target for 2026,
right? So there's that because basically
the narrative behind this company has
really changed from being a domestic
e-commerce market share loser to now a
tier one asset when it comes to China
tech. So it's basically spearheaded now
to be that whole AI play. There you go.
That's why we're seeing continued upside
here for that stock. BU certainly is one
of those also when it comes to shifting
the narrative, right? It used to be kind
of behind the pack when it comes to AI
and there you go. Now we are see BU up
2% once more. uh M1 Xiaomi doing also
decently well. Tensson also doing uh
pretty good. So for the most part we are
seeing a broad-based rally when it comes
to the tech space here. So TSMC
certainly is a big one there and also
potential catalyst for North Asia
markets after we saw out from Morgan
Stanley yesterday for that stock as
well. You take a look at how you know
some sectors that might be a little bit
on the weaker side. It's always been the
whole BYYD story which you know hasn't
really quite kind of derailed this rally
just just so much. Right. Take a look at
the stop. We're down only about half of
1%. After some of those disappointing
numbers coming through when it comes to
September monthly sales, it looked a bit
better for the rest of the pack though.
Look at Neo. Look at Grey Wall Motor. Uh
still doing pretty well. NEO up some 3%
here as well. We talked about Macau
Casinos. Looks like investors are still
also willing to brush off the weak sort
of September data. It is usually a a
slow time really for Macau, but October
is Golden Week, right? And we're talking
about a 8-day holiday this time around
when you include the Mid Almond
Festival. And people are quite
optimistic. But there you go. Right now
after that pre-market boost, we're
seeing actually a bit of downside. So
maybe there is a little bit more to
digest when it comes to this casino
revenue numbers here. But still seeing
gains of 6% but did miss estimates. Gold
miners certainly is to watch after that
Zigene gold listing. And we certainly
saw that bumper bumper first day. And
there you go. We continue to punch and
extend this rally further for Zigine
Gold. We're up some 9 and a half% here
as well. So also maybe a bit of a
catch-up given what we saw uh with the
gold price yesterday rallying to records
as well. So the miners continue to do
well and it's been really interesting
right when we talk about the amount of
share sales that we're seeing among
these gold miners. We talked that with
Sabila Gross yesterday. It really has
changed and given more I guess of of
more choice in this market when it comes
to uh investors and really changing the
whole landscape uh when it comes to uh
the gold space and miners in general.
Copper also has been doing quite well as
well. Take a look at when it comes to
chip plays, right? That's still the name
of the game in the spotlight here today.
We talked about Samsung, SKH Heinix. 11%
gains for SKH Heinix here on the back of
this deal with Sam Alman and Open AI.
>> So there you go. There continues to be
so much optimism when it comes to this
whole AI trade. You're seeing across the
region here. Tokyo Electron, even these
Japanese players, everyone seems to be
rallying around this big deal here,
Dave.
>> Yeah. initial agreements to supply chips
to the Stargate uh project uh among the
many things you know so Korea has done
well despite the fact that Samsung
hasn't done as well as SKH highix and
now you have of course the other one
that's in play
>> um okay so that's one story Ivonne
talked about the TSMC story right and
overnight this is what we saw right
massive move up in ADRs of TSMC and you
compare what we're doing there I think
it's one and a half trillion now as far
as the market cap on the US listing is
concerned the premium now over the
Taiwan listing. And I think it's
reflective of well, for one, I wouldn't
call it laziness to
uh uh to to to to to have the required
documents to buy shares in Taiwan. But
if there's a listing in the US, that's
where all the US money likely will go.
And that's driven up the premium to now,
as you can see, well above what we're
used to historical wise. That's now
north of 30% as far as the premium is
concerned. We're now looking at maybe
slightly lower now because of the pop
that we're seeing right now. and TSMC.
So the AI play is at play all around.
>> Yeah.
>> Across the world, Mag 7, Korea, Japan,
Taiwan, even here in Hong Kong and
Greater China of course with the Alibaba
story taking place. Laura Wang is with
us here on set. Chief China equity
strategist at Morgan Stanley. Um I don't
know where to start. Uh fourth quarter
is here. Um best performing market over
the last 12 months as you guys point
out. What's what's what's the outlook
now for the next 12 months? What do we
need to watch out for for this to
continue?
>> We're still relatively optimistic about
the outlook of China equity market. I
think a lot of investors are still
starting to debate about the
sustainability of the bull market
because they consider this is mainly
driven by liquidity increase. Right? So
people call this a liquidity bull. Um
but I think in our previous
conversations I've already pointed out
that the earnings the most essential
part of the equity market the
fundamentals have already been
stabilizing for the last three quarters.
For example, MSI China's quarterly
earnings already met consensus
expectations starting from 2024 fourth
quarter and been that's been lasting
through the first half of this year. So
I think there is a very significant
fundamental improvement element in this
market rally that investors are not
fully appreciating and this is why
investors are still debating. We see the
sustainability of the fundamental
improvement as pretty decent because if
you look at earnings revision breath
which is a very important metric that
measures the upward revisions of
consensus estimates versus the number of
downward revisions estimates. In fact
for MSI China this metric has turned
positive in August. So basically making
China the second market in the world
that actually entered the positive
territory after the United States. So I
think you know with that I'm not too
worried about the fundamental
improvement and then on the liquidity
side we know that the fed rate cut cycle
had already officially kicked off and
with China being one of the cheapest
market in the global in the global
environment and with the improvement on
the fundamental side we think this uh
ample liquidity that's going to support
overall emerging market will actually
benefit China on a relatively more
basis. So I'm still very optimistic from
here. How should we look at tech? I
mean, in terms of when you mentioned
about the sustainability of earnings
growth, are we seeing that in the tech
sector now? And you know, in terms of
the pockets of of where you're seeing
that, can you highlight some sectors
that actually are seeing that
visibility?
>> That's a very important and good
question because the equity market in
China, a lot of people are saying that
why is it being divergent away from the
macro because we're still seeing some
lackluster macro prints, right? But I
think you raised a very important point
because the equity market is now
composed very predominantly by a number
of uh sectors and information technology
sector and the internet sector. Those
are the two sectors that are very
correlated with the tech and with the AI
theme at the moment and both of these
sectors were seeing upward earnings
revisions at this moment and going into
2026. and a couple of other sectors are
also contributing significantly to the
earnings growth for the Hong Kong market
and for MSI China for example financials
as well as biotech in the farmer sector
and those are also trending up at the
moment. So as far as sector leadership
in the market, can I expect that to
remain the same case? The sectors you
mentioned, what changes, if any, are you
expecting in the coming months?
>> I think the major sectors will actually
remain the same. It's going to be the
financial sectors, which is banks plus
insurance plus brokers, and then the
internet sector, which is media and
entertainment plus e-commerce, and then
the information technology sector, which
is semi plus tech hardware and plus a
little bit of software. And then I think
the rest of the crowd uh biotech and
farmer actually are leading the rest of
the crowd in terms of earnings growth
contribution. And then we see some uh
late commerce for example materials they
are revising up in terms of earnings
growth because of the anti-involution
positive effect.
>> Is the AI trade in any way getting
crowded? I mean we we just had we had a
survey that we you know looked at some
market manager money managers out there.
are saying they're not expecting that
much gains moving forward from here.
Even next year is quite modest as well
because they think maybe the AI trade's
gone a little bit too far and we're not
quite sure in terms of the policy side
of things as well uh as we get closer to
that 5-year plan and the like. So, you
know, why are some people still quite
hesitant to continue to chase this
rally?
>> I think this comes down to individual
stocks that you have in your portfolio.
If you look at the large cap internet
companies that are transforming
themselves into the AI leaders, you
know, and compare them to the uh US
peers in the market in terms of total
market cap, in terms of a free flow
market cap, in terms of valuation,
they're very much far behind. I'm not
saying they should be entirely
comparable in the total size and global
market share, but I think the upward
potential is still there. But of course
when it comes to some smaller players in
the market who's focused on very niche
individual sort of uh categories then
some of the valuations uh can be a
little bit stretched. So I think you
need to pick the right names uh with
solid earnings delivery trajectory and
also with upward potential market share
gain uh outlook.
What about other I wouldn't say just
consumer sectors because some of the
sectors you mentioned are consumerf
facing but what about others like EVs
for example beverages you know your
day-to-day economics
>> where you're seeing the most price for
>> where you see the most price for I mean
CSI 300 consumer staples I think has
been down this year so far so how do I
look at that that cohort of the equity
market?
>> Yes. Um we actually have been
recommending investors to underweight on
consumer staples particularly and for
the same reason on property as a sector
as well. Um because we do have a
relatively cautious view still on the
overall macro growth. For example, for
the second half of this year, we are
expecting the GDP growth to slow down to
around only 4.5% or even lower. So some
of the sectors that are highly
correlated with the overall macro
picture we are in advising investors to
stay away from. Uh consumer staples for
example is one of those categories and
we are seeing quite significant downward
revisions of the earnings estimates for
that sector. For example the first half
of this year disposal B income growth is
not particularly encouraging and also we
have a lot of restrictions on alcohol
consumption and that's a very important
component of the consumer staple sector.
So we're advising investors to stay
away.
>> Laura, we'll have more from Laura Wayne
there, chief China equity strategist at
Morgan Stanley. Coming up, as we talk
about consumption, obviously we're
focusing on the Golden Week holiday and
how really it could sp spur spending.
We're starting to get some prelim data.
Estimated 336
million trips were made just on the
first day of the holiday. You can see
from that video. Gives me anxiety, Dave.
I don't know about you.
>> Yeah. What airport or train station is?
>> It doesn't matter. I don't think it
matters. Details sex work.
[Music]
All right, we're starting to get an
early picture of travel and consumption
trends during China's golden week. State
media is reporting some positive numbers
so far with broadcaster CCTV saying
cross regional trips on the holiday's
first day rose 1.7% compared to the
previous year. The 8-day holiday is
expected to spur more spending and
potentially really revive sentiment when
it comes to consumer stocks. Let's bring
in our Bloomberg Intelligence senior
consumer and tech analyst Katherine
Limb. She joins us now. Katherine, good
to see you. Um I mean first day seems to
be so far so good. What are you
anticipating for the rest of the next
seven days or so?
Right. Um well definitely I'm hoping to
actually see the pickup in momentum. A
few things really that has actually come
through. Um you know on top of what we
have seen earlier you know numbers that
I've seen from um trip.com about you
know bookings up like you know 45%
year-on-year basis. But more
importantly, I think just as we step
into the holiday itself, I've actually
seen um you know the government
announcing the final dispersement of the
special bond funds to actually help
stimulate consumption, which is all
good. And then there is now an open
applications for um city governments to
apply for subsidies to again stimulate
consumption whether it's in a form of
vouchers etc. So hopefully all of these
comes through um and materialize into
actual spending as we go through the
rest of the holidays.
>> Okay. So how do you think the numbers
will look at the end of the holidays? So
it's one day clearly we can extrapolate
some trends here. Any specific things to
be watching Katherine?
Yeah, milliondoll questions. And again,
this is a dual holiday um you know,
period whereby we're talking about
mid-autumn festival, which is the
traditional festival for family and
friends to actually gather and that's
actually going to take place um later
this um part of the week and into early
next week itself. So I think that's
where you're going to actually see you
know that concentration of that spending
um and you know fingers crossed on that
um that that's going to contribute again
to better September retail sales numbers
versus you know the uh quite dismal
August numbers that we have seen and
more importantly October let's not
forget that you know we're going to kick
off the singles day shopping festival
very soon and we're essentially talking
about the first of these promotions and
perks coming um 7th to or 8th of October
next week.
>> Oh yeah, that's I almost forgot that's
coming up. Okay, thank you so much for
the reminder, Katherine Lim, Singles
Day, Bloomberg intelligence there in
Singapore. A reminder really of in in in
my head of the double holidays, I was
actually stuffing my face with moon
cakes while hearing the fireworks
outside, which underscores both
holidays. Uh as I went to bed, of
course, I missed the fireworks because
we are early early sleepers here. on on
Bloomberg television in the Asia
Pacific. Still with us here on set is
Laura Wang, chief China equity
strategist at Morgan Stanley. What I'm
curious to hear from you is how foreign
investors attitudes have changed
investment committees. Are they now open
to more exposure to China and are you
seeing differences between where you go
and how that sort of story is playing
out?
>> We're seeing rising level of interest
from all over the world and especially
from the US investors. This is not to
say that investors from other parts of
the world are less interested. It's more
because that the US investors for
obvious reasons have been warming up
slightly slower versus the rest of the
world because they have a such booming
domestic market to focus on for most of
part of this year. Right. Um last month
actually I finished three consecutive
weeks of global marketing. I visited
Singapore, Japan and then US um actually
for three weeks in a row and I was very
pleasantly surprised by the interest
from all all of them and particularly in
the US and we wrote a report about this
and in which I said over 90% of the US
investors I met in person actually
expressed to me explicitly that they
were going to increase their exposure to
Chinese equities and talking about uh
any slight difference among different
groups of investors from different parts
of the world. I think investors who are
physically closer to China, for example,
in Singapore and Japan, their questions
are a lot more practical in terms of
implementation and execution. For
example, they ask Hong Kong versus Asia
and specific sector interest etc. When
it comes to the US investors, I think
the questions are a lot a lot more
general and broader and that shows that
they're slightly late to the bull
market, but they are very very keen to
learn and do their homework and they are
ready to execute and deploy.
>> Is there a sense that this is more than
just sort of tactical sort of trades now
that they're willing to deploy that
they're looking at something as a more
of a structural rerating?
>> There is the element of liquidity that
get people really excited. But US
investors also told me very explicitly
that they are very excited about the
tech and innovation R&D capability that
has been demonstrated by Chinese
companies and they specifically
mentioned that China has established
world level leadership particularly in
human noise robotics and automation as
well as biotech and they have to invest
in China directly if they want to be
part of that uh game. M
>> I think in a couple of weeks we have a a
pilot meeting. I think the 15th
five-year plan. So we're potent for
potential policy
>> trade talks coming through.
>> What are there any market catalysts
specifically to watch out for there?
>> I think the very first one, the
immediate one would be the golden week
holiday uh spending data. Uh I think uh
earlier in your program you already
showed a lot of the busy scenes from the
train stations and all that and I think
Morgan Stanley's analysts actually have
a pretty optimistic view in terms of
domestic tourism visits as well as for
example Macau gaming occupancy etc. uh
but uh right after the golden week
holiday we will have that data readily
available and it will be interesting to
see whether domestic spending
particularly on the per capita basis
during the holiday season has gone up
versus previous years and then going
into the fourth plenary which will be
starting from October 20th it will be
important to watch what five the next
five-year growth plan would actually
entail but I don't want investors to
build too much expectation into that
particular speech or talk because
Usually this stays at extremely high
level. Usually it's only a document of
10 something pages and the details will
only be released by March next year. So
we should be paying attention to it. But
I think as long as we hear something
being mentioned about social welfare
reform and potentially you know buying
back of uh property market inventories
and more importantly execution of the
anti-evolution etc. And those will be
good enough.
>> Yes.
>> Those will be good enough. Yeah. Don't
don't anticipate, you know, massive.
>> Don't expect details.
>> Don't expect details or, you know, big
announcements and the like. Um, we
haven't talked about trade. Are you have
do you have any sort of expectations on
how this meeting between President Trump
and she's going to look like
>> and what if that goes south?
>> Wow, that's a big question.
>> Well, because expectations are quite
>> Yes. Uh, you know, high ahead of that,
>> I think. So, I mean, this is going to be
the very first meeting between the two
presidents after President Trump came
into the office the second time. So of
course people are looking forward to it
and are expecting what's going to happen
and people are asking questions around
it. As far as Morgan Stanley uh view is
concerned we are not expecting too much
out of that particular meeting by which
I means we're not expecting massive
tariff reduction as the outcome of the
meeting. We think we still expect
somewhere around 40 to 50% in aggregate
of tariff from the US against Chinese
products and that's something China
that's ready to to actually accept but
at the same time we are expecting the
USChina relationship to stay at the
status quo for lack of better wording
because we think both nations have found
very effective leverage against the
other side from China it's the real
earth card from the US is the tech
restriction and power. So we rather
expect the situation to remain in the
current state uh for the time being
>> and you know that that's been enough
with the other factors involved to keep
the market rising anyway I think is the
point that Laura was making. Thank you
so much Laura Wang there uh chief China
equity strategist at Morgan Stanley.
Okay. Uh just a look at some of the
benchmarks here to my right. well, was
the Samsung story and I think now we
have a 27,200 handle if so if I'm not
mistaken that is now the highest level
since 20 uh 21. MCI China's now bumping
its head on 91. There we go. Plenty more
ahead. This is the China show.
[Music]
Some corporate news this morning. China
securities regulator is planning to
triple rewards for tips on serious
market misconduct, offering up to 1
million yen or $140,000.
A proposal by the CSRC raises a payout
for whistleblowers from 1 to 3% of the
value of fines and confiscations. The
agency says a rule change is in response
to market calls for improved oversight
of capital markets. Bloomberg has
learned that Apple's hit pause on a
planned overhaul to its Vision Pro
headset. It's said to be redirecting its
resources towards developing smart
glasses to rival products from Meta.
Sources say the tech giant has had
preparing has been preparing a cheaper,
lighter variant of its headset for
release in 2027.
>> Yeah, there we go. Fancy goggles. Okay.
Um, speaking of tech, uh, Samsung
electronics sinx
111. There we go. Wow, this is crazy. U,
Open AI, Stargate supplying chips to
that project. More on that in a moment.
A lot more on the way here on the China
show.
[Music]
Blue skies. We're back from the holiday.
Well rested, I believe. Enjoyed the
fireworks last night. There.
>> Well, not us.
>> There you go. But celebrations overall
when it comes to what we're seeing in
this rally, right? We're coming back
from the holiday on a very positive
note. We're up 1% here. You're talking
about we're getting close to what
four-year highs for Hang Sen. We're
punching now above that 27,000 level.
And you got to think I I think you have
to thank Samsung and SKH this morning
here for what we're seeing in in North
Asia.
>> Yeah. I mean, just when you start to
think, oh, the AI rally might be losing
some momentum and you get new drivers
coming in. SK
>> Heinix was ra relatively old one and
Samsung of course coming in
>> then TSMC has some new legs automorgan
>> Alibaba
>> and Alibaba today and that's basically
what four three or four of the five
heaviest weighted stocks
>> on the MA Asia Pacific all guns blazing
uh today hingen index is as pointing out
272 right now and as we were just
pointing out some of the benchmarks on
your screens 91 right now is the level
on MEI China who would have thought when
we were flirting with the 60s and late,
you know, high 50s that 100 would be uh
within striking distance going into the
end of this year. Uh we talked about BU
and Alibaba and the price uh the price
change coming through out of JP Morgan
and the team there with Alex Yao.
>> Yeah. Uh it's a big one, right? Because
they're talking about basically uh the
the outlook when it comes to revenue,
the cloud, uh also synergies as they
talk about here. So certainly the the
market narrative has dramatically
shifted from just being an e-commerce
market share loser to now one of the
number one trades when it comes to AI
and China tech. So there you go. Um
that's really kind of lifting the HStech
up some 2% here. Let's take a look at
how some of these China tech stocks are
doing here because you have BU Alibaba,
Tens, and Xiaomi all rallying here as
well. Mtoan is also doing quite well,
right? We had some consumption data or
at least some numbers coming through
from the company and they're talking
about some of the most scenic spots in
China were basically sold out on the
first day already. So, Maitan also doing
quite well today.
>> Yeah. Here's come, you know, some of the
scenic spots in Hong Kong, particularly
on the west side of Hong Kong Island.
>> Oh, you mean near your neighborhood?
>> Yes. Um, you you can tell I don't need
data to tell me that that that area of
Hong Kong is extremely extremely
crowded. Uh but yes, I mean the fact
that we're here looking at many of these
stocks and it's worth pointing out right
because we were shut yesterday. These
are two-day moves on price you're seeing
on your screen.
>> Yeah. I mean and and granted right now
the numbers that we're seeing are are
people making those trips the number of
tourists staying in the same city for
seven to eight days. According to Mtoan
they saw a rise of 50% compared to a
year ago
>> and cities like Chungdu Beijing Xian
Chongqing you name it. But we need to
wait for the spending numbers, right?
Because we always have to wait to that
uh towards the end of the of the
holiday. But certainly it's enough for
for at least Muan to do quite well here
today as well.
>> The Yeah, flip the page, please. I think
Morgan Stanley, Laura Wang basically
told us, let's wait for the the end of
seven, eight days
>> and then let's see what the per capita
spending specifically will look like and
then we can make a judgment on how
really good uh this this holiday season
was. uh to the point we were making
earlier on, mind the gap on 27,000,
we're right at about that level that we
there was a massive gap lower back in
July of 2021. You can look at the news
flow back then, but effectively we are
testing about those levels at the
current levels right now. So, we'll see
whether this lasts. Um and yeah, let's
let's see uh what is top of mind for
investors today.
>> Yeah, let's bring in Winnie Shu, our
Asia Equities reporter, and she's
tracking all this that's going on in
Hong Kong here right now. you have a new
survey that came out in interviewing a
lot of these strategists. They're
actually thinking that Asia could
outperform the US. What's driving that?
>> Yeah, so overall we have actually seen
that outperformance of Asian stocks over
US peers uh so far this year already and
we are headed for the biggest
outperformance of Asia over the US, the
biggest since 2017. So really this time
the narrative this year has been
changing. Just now we talked about how
yes we have the the upside when it comes
to SK highinex and um Samsung driving uh
that narrative of AI optimism further
and yes in China we still also have uh
that AI optimism with Alibaba. So all of
this you know with uh the specific
examples in Asia and also these central
banks uh poised to ease further because
of the Fed that really is supporting the
overall um region here. tell us about
Alibaba and this this change coming
throughout at JP Morgan. Uh it is a very
it's that big stock that we're watching
literally every single day with
something coming out right and I was
just looking at how it has performed so
far this uh this week up some 10% by now
and then this year up 12% or so and this
um JP Morgan target price um hike is
actually coming after Morgan Stanley
raised that part target price on Monday
already but this time around by 45%
though that is a big jump and as Ivon
just said just now it's the shift in
narrative, right, that we were quote
unquote saying that Alibaba is shifting
to become that tier one asset in China
internet from a just a domestic
e-commerce market market share loser. So
that is kind of a big change expecting
that they are going to be um part of
every single AI stage here.
>> Winnie, fantastic. Thank you so much.
Winnie see their Asia equities report.
You can check out that survey and the
story out on the terminal today really
on how bullish people are on the AP pack
benchmark relative to uh US assets and
certainly this helps on your screens
that bullish case for Asia when you have
the likes of Samsung up 5% SKH is now
punching 40,0001 to the upside to 400K
for SK uh 11% to the upside. So the news
flow here is both have forged initial
agreements to supply open AI Stargate
project with chips. It's certainly a
move that reinforces their lead in
advanced AI memory. For more on this and
really what this means for the outlook
for of these companies, Masahiro
Wakasugi, our Bloomberg intelligence
senior tech analyst joins us to talk us
through the analysis piece here.
Masahiro, yeah, thank you so much for
joining us. this this sort of
cooperation collaboration what does it
mean for both these companies?
Uh yes uh yeah the the collaboration
with the open AI you know host target
program is uh quite interesting and uh
of course positive for the uh both in
memory chip suppliers and uh according
to Samsung's announcement uh the overall
demand for the memory chips could be
900,000
wafer starts per month uh you know
eventually so uh the you know uh that
overall potential demand looks pretty
large. So when it comes to uh Samsung's
DM uh current capacity is uh around uh
something where you know around 750 or
700k maybe thousand per wafer you know
per month. So uh the number is quite big
and SK highix DM capacity is 430 50,000
wafer starts per month at this point. So
uh you know 900 potential 900,000 uh
wafer stats per month uh demand should
be pretty big for the you know DM
suppliers. So uh basically the news
should be the good news for the DM
suppliers probably including micron as
well.
>> H how does this change the whole
competitive landscape now when you look
at DRAM or the HBM market now?
Uh yes uh over the past uh you know
several years SK Hindings has been uh
made a hu huge you know progress and
leading the industry and uh maybe when
it comes to that the most advanced
uh I know HBM chips used for the most
advanced Nvidia GPU SKH was the uh major
supplier followed by Micron and Samsung
might be lagging a little behind but uh
going forward probably if when you know
if If you think about the overall HBM
demand, probably we may need probably
three major suppliers supplying that the
HBM for the AI industry. So in that
sense uh probably uh we think that the
Samsung has been overhauling that DM
production and probably catching up with
some you know leaders including Sam SKH
highix and micron. So in that sense
going forward we think that there might
be some more in a good progress from
Samsung electronics but having said that
uh you know SK highness could keep the
leading position for the HPM. So overall
you know market growth for HBM should be
good for the all suppliers.
>> Masa thank you Masahiro Wakasuki there
our Bloomberg intelligence senior
technology analyst joining us out of
Tokyo. Coming up we're heading live to
Singapore at token 2049. Our very own
Haz has more on the ground and what's in
store. It does.
>> Well, the vibe is different this time
around, Van. We have uh a zipline just
above me and we have the pickle boy uh
uh place just uh around the corner as
well. The vibe is really vibrant
compared to uh what we had at Milin
yesterday where people mulling about the
future of the global economy. Here it's
all about how digital assets will be the
future. We'll be speaking to the biggest
names from Ethereum, SL, and Robin Hood
for all things digital assets. Keep it
here with us. This is Blumbai.
[Music]
Right, welcome back. Uh we're looking at
markets right now. So I mean a couple of
things, right? So obviously there's this
this AI theme that's continuing to lift
most if not all boats. Um it's I think
in many ways the US shutdown has
somewhat taken a back seat. Although you
know this is it's the time of the week
when we should be getting economic
numbers coming out of the US. Initial
jobless claim should be out today. If
the shutdown continues and persists into
the weekend, that means basically means
no jobs support on on Friday and really
what the Fed is able to do with all the
the sort of vacuum of information on
>> at least now you get the private data
and we had that overnight and it still
suggested that you know things could
look you know the same when it comes to
whether the the Fed can actually cut as
early as this month again, right? And
that's why you saw treasuries rally
overnight as well. So we're only
focusing on the private data now.
>> Yeah. What's left?
>> It's it's it's all we have. Um,
currently uh let's bring in Chris
Weston, head of research at Pepperstone
Group. Chris, good morning and thanks
for joining the show. Sir, the I mean
these next 48 hours I can think of AI as
one theme. The absence of data on the
macro front as far as the US is
concerned might be another. How do you
think markets trade Thursday and Friday?
>> Well, I think the services IM could be
quite meaningful. I mean, we sort of put
more weight onto it. I know everyone
everyone's saying now we're just going
to have an increased sensitivity to to
really anything that can give us
foresight and trying to model um you
know anything to do with the labor
market the the service you know the
subcomponents that you get in these v
various reports um but I think the
market's pretty much made up its mind
anyway I mean I think if you look at US
swaps at the moment they're pricing 100%
probability that that the Fed have
enough have enough data to go with
already that they go and cut in the in
the late October meeting um and you know
whilst we're going to get payrolls
probably delayed by could be up to two
weeks or so. Um they're still going to
probably get the payrolls number in time
of the FOMC meeting in that phase. So
yeah, markets at this moment and that
could change radically, but you they're
basically saying that they've got enough
information that they'll do backto-back
cuts in this situation and there's a
pretty good chance that they're going to
go again in December. So yeah, we are
looking and we are you market
participants are a little bit well, we
lack any kind of patience. We want
information right here, right now. So it
does muddy the water that we're not
going to get the payrolls data and and
perhaps not the CPI print on the 15th of
October, but you know these kind of
things do do reconcile and they do do
play out and we do get um there is a
natural handbreak in terms of the date
that these things can go on to. So I
think it's a you know I think we we're
just on the idea that it's not a great
thing to have but it's soldier on. We
continue to buy tech, continue to buy
healthcare, continue to buy equity risk,
continue to sell volatility on spikes
and you know um expect the Fed to cut in
in October.
>> Yeah. And the one thing you've also
talked about is how how it has been a
very lowvall sort of environment for
much of the last quarter. Is there
anything to to think that or any reason
to think that that could change for for
Q4?
>> Well, I'd like it to. I think a lot of
their short-term traders would love to
see some some ranges coming through, but
there but there are trends. I mean, you
know, there's money to be made if you're
a trend follower. You can, you know,
you've seen healthcare really coming
alive. I mean, tech's working well.
Nvidia's broken out to alltime highs.
Um, so there are some brilliant trends
and and amazing trends in this market to
go on. Um, but look, I mean, if you have
a look at US equity, for example, I
mean, if you look at 20-day realize V in
the S&P, it's trading at 6% at the
moment. So until until we see short, you
know, 10 and 20 day realized VS starting
to turn up, you know, it does feel like
the the VIX is going to be contained and
have a ceiling at at 16%. That that
volatility risk premium is just not
going to go any higher. Um, and
correlations in markets, correlation in
equity, both implied and also realized
rock bottom levels at the moment. So it
doesn't seem at the moment that that
we're we're really in the sense that
we're going to see a higher V regime.
And of course, volatility buying
volatility comes with a cost. If you
have a look at the VIX curve, you know,
it's it's very steep at the moment and
that roll down for buying any kind of
ETF products, ETP products or um you
know, buying the VIX is is is costly.
You have to be really convinced that's
going to happen. Look, we've seen a bit
of uh increase in in short-term
volatility in FX markets. Dollar yen,
for example, one week VS have pushed up
a little bit sharper ahead of the
elections and and what we're seeing with
the shutdown. But um yeah, I I don't
think anything unless we see something
dramatic in the bond market that that
we're expecting a big increase in
volatility. Uh and that just continues
to to back up this case that that
equities are a buy on pullbacks and and
perhaps there's a little bit of downside
coming through in the US dollar. But
yeah, I'm not in the Yeah, I think
people will still be looking to line up
to sell volatility on any kind of spikes
here.
>> I was going to ask, in fact, Chris, I'm
glad you brought up the dollar. I mean,
can I use that roughly that same
strategy on the dollar? uh you know sell
sell and rallies. What's the what's the
view on the dollar?
>> Yeah, look I think we've got dollar yen
trading at bottom end of its recent
range at the moment. I think there's a a
pretty good chance that that it goes
through there. I mean we're not we don't
exactly like the yen in any kind of m
major sort of tactical fundamental
capacity, but it does feel like the yen
is finding a bit of its mojo again and
and we're seeing some flows playing
through there. But I feel like the
dollar's probably got a little bit of US
downside specifically against against
the yen in this situation against the
antipodians looks pretty um we're pretty
unsure about this situation. Um but I
think yeah look I mean we've seen a bit
of a bull steepening coming through in
in the curve. Um if you have a look at
terminal pricing of of Fed funds or Fed
yeah we we we've pushed up to about 312
recently and that's come back to about
3%. So that that terminal rates bang on
where the Fed are seeing things and
that's taken things down. We've seen
two-year real rates pushing a little bit
lower. So it does feel like yeah the US
dollar has got modest downside on a
select basis. It's not going to be
broad-based but as long as volatility
stays low you know you can be looking at
um probably a little bit further
downside. I like dollar yen a little bit
lower in the short term here.
>> We were just talking to our colleague
about the survey among strategists out
there that they might think that Asia
markets actually outperform the US as we
get closer to year end. Do you subscribe
to that view? I mean I I just let's take
a look at this AI sort of trade in Asia
and it's it's really kind of caught wind
once again and are we just kind of in
the early innings of this whole AI
investment cycle in in China for
example?
>> Well it feels like I think yeah
obviously it's in the in in an earlier
froze than what we're seeing in the US
side of things. I mean what we're seeing
in terms of concentration risk in in in
US AI is still very real. um you know
people have fully subscribed to that one
but I mean I I mean you've got the hang
and the you know the Alibabars and 10
cents absolutely flying at the moment
they look 10-centent needs a bit of work
but you know Alibaba has been doing very
nicely and yeah that's been a really
strong trade um there's probably a place
for both because it's not like I I
dislike US AI still think there's a
really nice place in that but it has
become pretty frothy I mean we've seen
that with Oracle's you corporate bond um
release recently um but there is real
momentum um coming through in that space
as we go into earning season in the US.
So, I wouldn't necessarily feel like
it's one or the other. I think both are
probably going to continue finding
buyers in any kind of pullbacks. really,
you know, it's it's conditional and a
lot of stuff that we're seeing in the
markets right now, whether you're
looking at gold, you know, the the the
high beta equity side of things, the
quality high beta equities, China versus
Hong Kong versus the US, you know, I
think you're really at the mercy of
positioning and and things being overly
subscribed. V dynamic funds, V targeting
funds, CTAs, they're max long and and I
think positioning is probably the
biggest risk to a lot of these well
subscribed trades. But yeah, do I think
one's going to out outperform the other?
perhaps, but I think both are going to
continue working into year end.
>> I mean, yeah, to your point, they they
they could all be going up. The
>> So, we're we're looking for something
that could disturb the peace. To your
point, you know, we're we're looking at
crowded trades left and right.
Geopolitics doesn't seem to be the
thing. US shutdown doesn't seem to be
putting the evil back into this market.
What what are some of the known unknowns
that you think are not getting priced
properly as far as you know known tail
risks are concerned if if any Chris?
Well, I mean, this is the thing we've
been talking to a few clients about is
is is you need a you need a catalyst
that that could cause it, but the setup
is there, right? So, you've got, as I
say, Volt targeted, Vol dynamic funds
now are are increasing leverage. You
know, they've been pushing up. They're
buying they've been buying about $2
billion worth of US equities today, but
they're they're getting into quite high
leverage. CTAs, Max Long, you know,
retail are all in on this market. If you
have a look at retail uh retail trader
favorite baskets, you know, volatility
is very low um both on a realized um and
an implied basis correlation to rock
bottom levels. So you've got this great
setup with with the market very much
short volatility that if we do get
something it could permutate into
something that that could be quite a
significant event. I mean this is what
we saw in February into March where
everyone was short volatility. Bang. And
he caused the speed and magnitude of the
falls are much greater. What is that
catalyst going to be? I mean, I think
the biggest risk to markets longer term
would be that would cause a 20% if we if
we start repricing recession risk, but
we're not seeing that at the moment. The
US Q3 growth is still very strong, over
3% on the now cost models and the Fed
are going to cut in October and maybe in
December. It's still a Goldilocks
backdrop with that Fed put in place.
And, you know, for me, that's why I
still continue to be buying dips and I
think we've got higher levels in in risk
assets. Um but
>> yeah, I think
>> you know for me as a trader what is what
the thing that comes out when it does
hit what the most important thing is is
we assess what that causes but we also
know that the backdrop could be a tinder
box um ready to go given with so much
short volatility and so much long
positions it won't be a one-day affair
that's the most important thing for me
>> okay Chris thank you Chris Wesson there
head of research at Pepperstone Group we
got way more ahead this is Bloomberg
[Music]
trading houses have specific strengths
along with some of these Korean
corporations.
uh how do you think they can leverage on
this as they build out this ecosystem?
Kenji w
>> within uh Japan and Korea world
>> as they look to collaborate together uh
and they're looking at say the Japanese
trading houses. How do they perhaps you
know work on that?
>> I can take a stab at this. Um I think um
you know everybody I think would
acknowledge the fact that the trading
houses have tremendous reach. Um, in
fact, um, I sometimes complain to Kenji
because they take all the deals and then
Korea gets the leftovers sometimes. Um,
so we we found a way to to collaborate
on this. So I I think you know access to
technology whether it's AI or or deep
tech. Um, the trading houses have a
better sense and reach um to those type
of companies um or venture capital
funds. they can screen that um and bring
this to the Asian market. South Korea,
Japan and we can of course provide man
of course I mean heavy Toshiba, Hitachi
these are all great companies but South
Korean companies I think in a way we
might be a little bit more modern or
upto-date u because we're younger um and
and we can bring some of that to the
table and collaborating and finding ways
to localize some of this technology both
in South Korea and Japan very similar um
economies manufacturing based
Um but of course we compete directly on
on some industries. But when it comes to
um coupling our two economies and
localizing technology that's been
derived or um developed um overseas uh
in the west then I think that's a sort
of um a way the trading companies can
work together with our manufacturing
companies.
>> Yeah. Maybe you just chime in a bit
about the localization. And I think in
the age of AI, I think the localization
is also not what it um used to be
largely understood is changing the
requirements.
>> So if it wasn'tang obvious the theme of
the panel is demystifying Korea and
Japan parallel paths and practical
partnerships. So my head initially goes
to demystify that name and maybe of
course April will uh dig deeper into
really what that means and really how is
that actionable as far as that's
concerned. That is of course taking
place at the Milk and Institute Asia
summit where our colleague of course
April Hong is on stage there uh
moderating this panel on those two big
markets. In terms of market movers,
we're watching for the pharma stocks in
particular and you know they're the
first to kind of react now to that Fiser
deal which we talked about yesterday
right on how can they avoid sky-high
tariffs really and still operate and
certainly um that's helping a lot of the
the biotech space because maybe this is
a framework of how these Chinese pharma
companies can expand into the US as
well. So there you go 3% gains for CSPC
pharma here. Nike suppliers is reacting
of course to the earnings that came out
a few days ago. So these are the ones in
Asia all doing quite well given that we
did see the sales there top estimates
although China was a bit of a a wild
card there as well but yes uh we are
continuing to see risk assets doing
quite well across the region here today.
Plenty more ahead. This is Bloomberg
[Music]
All right, 11:29 a.m. in Tokyo. Japanese
markets heading to that lunch break in
just a moment and we're seeing ah a very
kind of two stories of uh of a tale of
two stories when it comes to stock
market, right? So topics is heading
lower by 710 to 1%. Nick A though is
doing okay. I believe the chip sector
might be a factor in really kind of
driving some of the gains there today.
147 for dollar yen this morning. Dave,
>> uh yeah, uh looking at the bands too,
that was really the outperformer. uh I
think when you looked at what happened I
think yesterday Japanese banks that's
really pulling down I think the topics
index as far as that index is concerned
might explain of course the divergence
between yeah between the two there Asia
on a sector basis US futures coming up
on your screens you had very big
tailwinds coming through out of Micron
AI and then you had South Korea the
story across SKH highix and the chip
story there then Tai Taiwan the TSMC
story is a separate but similar one and
of course Alibaba going into today is
leading to 1% gains on the benchmark
today top row, leftmost side, a 3% pop
in IT names today is really all you need
uh for the benchmark to do exactly what
it's doing on your screens. Right,
speaking of benchmarks, you have the
Cosby coming up on your screens very
very shortly. Within that space, you
have basically the two heavyweights
there doing this to that market.
Singapore 1.2, Jakarta coming online
this hour. And as you can see, similar
theme to what we've seen recently is the
Philippines can't seem to catch a break
here. bucking the trend of an overall up
arrow story across the region. It was
it's worth noting it was up yesterday as
you can see bit of weakness coming
through given the overall strength we
are seeing elsewhere. Okay. Uh it's
certainly a market we've been focused on
given the political
uh stories there with the corruption
scandals
uh flood control measures. We'll get to
all of that in a moment what that means
for the output for the country. But the
recent decline in stocks and I think
we're down over 20% from the recent
peak. This is the gauge in dollar terms
and the declines we've seen and this is
set to a quarterly setting on the chart
itself. Dollar and quarterly on PC comp
takes you back effectively about a
decade and a half. So that's how far up
we've gone and how far back we've come
uh all the way to about 6,000 on the
benchmark itself. How does that compare
to other benchmarks in the region? So we
put in the Jakarta composite we talked
about that straight times index we
showed you earlier on and as you can see
these are as to borrow Ivon's concept
earlier on a tale of two market stories
one in the Philippines the other is the
rest of the Asia Pacific the worst
performing market in the Asia Pacific
this year. Yeah, let's take a step back
on why and what's really dragging
things, right? It really follows the
scandal in the government's flood
control projects that triggered mass
protests last month. Now, it's also
threatening the outlook for the nation's
credit ratings and prompting growth
forecast downgrades. Let's get more now
from Bloomberg's Neil Morales in Manila.
Neil, good to have you. Tell us more
about the scandal itself over these
flood mitigation projects and why does
it matter for the economy?
>> Yes. Uh good morning from Manila. So
this scandal brings political and uh
economic risks. On the political side,
it has already resulted in the house
speaker and the senate president being
replaced. And on the economic side,
there could be a fallout. Meaning
economists are seeing that uh it could
result in lower government spending
which accounts for a fifth of uh output
of the Philippines which is the second
fastest growing in the in the region.
Also uh with tighter scrutiny on
projects, the real projects, the
projects that are in the pipeline could
get delays. Hence uh some uh impact on
job creation, on government spending and
on the broader economy as a whole.
>> Okay, Neil, let's talk about the market.
So clearly the more than one factor is
is is suspect here as far as why the
market is is coming under pressure. If
you could just you know list the factors
involved here and why we are seeing uh
the markets do come under pressure and
might is is there light at the end of
this this current tunnel?
>> Indeed. Indeed. Uh the Philippine stock
market is uh like an unloved dish in the
regional and global menu so far. So
despite sweeteners like the Philippines
operating as the second fastest growing
in in Southeast Asia, uh companies
reporting topline, bottom line, double
digit growth and uh sweeteners like uh
dividends to uh stockholders uh investor
sentiment has turned uh sour in this uh
part of the globe because of uh
uncertainties because of risk both
domestically and externally. Uh
domestically we have mentioned that uh
this scandal has uh eroded investor
confidence in the Philippines
particularly foreign uh investors. We've
seen lots of foreign selling in the past
days and also uh on the external side uh
we we see that the peso is depreciating
uh showing uh foreign exchange risks to
uh foreign investors not to mention
uncertainties emanating from uh from the
US and also uh recent string of uh
typhoons here in the Philippines have
sto concerns that inflation might uh go
higher again uh affecting the
consumption of the Philippines.
Okay, tell us are there any silver
linings in all this Neil and or are you
telling me that you know we should just
brace for more headwinds?
>> Yes indeed. So analysts and bankers are
on a wait and see mode for now standing
by for further catalyst uh like uh
central bank rate cuts and also uh signs
of improved consumer uh spending. So the
Philippine uh uh they say that the
Philippines is now operating at a
bargain. cheap prices, offering uh great
returns for those with patient money. So
essentially a waiting game for now, a
waiting game for positive leads and less
risks or appetite dampeners in the
market.
>> Neil, thank you so much. A lot of food
analogies there. Thanks for making me
hungry. Unloved dish in this in this
current uh cuisine list. Uh taking Neil,
thank you so much. feel Jerome Morales
there in Manila uh forest at some point
of course tides turn and tastes evolve
and at some point we'll see of course
hopefully money come back in it's also
worth pointing out right so we'll talk
about the story in a moment there are
some silver linings here as far as the
bond market is concerned uh the market
equity market specifically is trading in
single digits so that's perhaps one
enticing appetizer that could lure
people back in uh the other of course as
we talk about pressure on the economy
markets, sovereign debts actually could
be a bright spot thanks to rising
foreign demand. You have lower
government borrowings or supply demand
dynamics effectively uh are in favor of
the bond markets there. The Treasury uh
bureau says foreign holdings more than
tripled to 6%
um as of August if you measure that back
from 2021 with inflow set to continue as
supply drops. and Philippine bonds did
come under pressure in the third
quarter. Just to mention that they're
trailing all Southeast Asian pairs and
it's unsurprising why do we is it too
early to be talking about sovereign
ratings at this point given the fiscal
issues there in the country or do we
need to wait for more catalyst as far as
that's concerned? Plenty more ahead.
This is Mumb
[Music]
headlines around the world this morning.
Rescue efforts continue in the central
Philippines after an earthquake that
killed at least 69 people and injured
around 150 others. The 6.9 magnitude
quake struck late on Tuesday and
officials say many victims were killed
in their homes or hit by fallen debris.
It's the country's deadliest quake since
2013.
The US will reportedly provide Ukraine
with intelligence for long-range missile
strikes on Russia's energy
infrastructure. The Wall Street Journal
sites unnamed US officials saying the
Trump administration is also weighing
sending Keev powerful weapons that could
put more targets within Russia in range.
The report also says US officials are
asking NATO allies to provide similar
support. The White House budget director
is said to be planning to swiftly
dismiss federal workers amid the US
government shutdown. Sources say House
lawmakers have been told that some
agencies will terminate workers within
one or two days. Although it's unclear
which positions or agencies would be
affected. It's a sign that Republicans
will employ hard ball tactics to
pressure Democrats to cave and end the
shutdown.
>> Right. Let's head back to our coverage
of Asia's flagship digital asset
conference. That's Token 2049 taking
place in Singapore. And our colleague
and insight anchor Hinda Amen is
standing by with her next guest Haz.
>> Hey Dave, what a ride has been for
cryptocurrencies. We have that recent
selloff wiping out $300 billion. But you
know what? Bitcoin still about 112,000.
Let's get perspective on where we are
with cryptocurrencies. Hassid Kureshi,
managing partner at crypto investment
firm Dragonfly. Hassid, good to have you
with us.
>> Thanks for having me.
>> So, this recent sell-off, is it a
reflection of that momentum easing
somewhat?
>> I mean, look, crypto always has ups and
downs. I think you want to zoom out a
little bit and look at the overall trend
line. Very, very clear. There was a
little bit of leverage that got flushed
out of the system, but today you see
assets are up. I don't think animal
spirits have really died down. There's
no sense that this is over or that this
is a even taking much of a breather. Um,
I think the reality is that every leg up
on crypto always has these little breaks
along the way for everyone to catch
their breath, reload, and see what's
coming next.
>> What's driving that optimism? I think
>> that optimism is just that. I mean,
look, all the stuff going on around the
world, whether it's financial
institutions adopting crypto, whether
it's the regulatory environment
completely changing just in the last 6
to 12 months. Um, or if it's the rapid
adoption of stable coins all over the
world, like every single metric you care
about in crypto is going up and to the
right. So, I don't think there's any
sense from this market that hey, we're
we're we're over and done and dusted. Uh
I think everybody expects that the the
market opportunity for crypto is only
getting bigger.
>> And of course, when it comes to the
Genius Act, they say that that's been
front and center and that's driving
optimism because we have regulations
that's pretty much in line with the
sector.
>> That's right. That's right. I mean, this
is the most Well, first of all, it's the
only legislation that has ever passed in
the US in the 15 years since Bitcoin was
created. It's the first bill ever. And
of course it enshrines stable coins into
the law which now I mean most people
realize that the US is very much a
leader on regulation. A lot of other
countries that have been kind of waiting
and seeing on what they want to do about
stable coins. Seeing the US embracing it
tells them oh hey we should also adopt
our own stable coin legislation. So I
was in Japan just a few weeks ago. I was
in Korea last week. All of them have
bills in Congress right now about stable
coins that they also expect are going to
get passed given what's happened with
Genius. So this is all happening all
around the world simultaneously and the
growth rate in stable coins themselves
has been astronomical. So we started
beginning of last year there was $140
billion in stable coins. We're about to
hit 300 billion, right? And Secretary
Besson has said he expects stable coins
to hit 2.7 trillion by the end of the
decade. If that's true, that's a 70%
year-over-year growth rate from now
until the next four years. That
basically means that
>> also said the settle coins will be
gobbling up uh treasuries but you know
it remains to be seen whether that
happens or not. All this optimism I'm
just wondering is it trucking down in
terms of you know the funding
environment. What are you seeing?
>> Absolutely it is. So you can see very
clear especially on the stable coin side
there's a massive buildout happening
right now. There's over over 15 of the
Fortune 100 companies have live RFPs for
people to help them with treasury
management through stable coins. Right.
We're now seeing crazy growth rates on
the ground. We made we recently made an
investment into a company called Rain,
which is a stable coin card company.
They allow you to pay in traditional,
you know, if you go to a mall and you
want to buy something with stable coins.
Most places in the world that's
difficult today. Merchants don't yet
take stable coins. But if you can go
through the card networks, if you can go
through Visa or Mastercard, but have
stable coins be settling on the back
end, you can have lower fees, real-time
settlement, and anybody with stable
coins can suddenly pay for anything all
around the world. these companies. So
Rain, for example, is growing 20 25%
month over month. Okay, it's an insane
growth rate. But you're seeing the the
buildout happening right now for stable
coins because everybody is seeing down
the road all of these banks, all of
these companies are now figuring out
their stable coin strategies because
they know this is coming. It's not a
future story. It's a right now story.
>> It's a right now story. And what's
happening right now too is this craze of
the DATs, digital asset treasuries.
>> It is a craze, isn't it? is going to
stop somehow. There's consolidation
happening already.
>> That's right. It's it's already
stabilizing. Right. So, actually just
this morning we announced that we
invested into a company called the
Avalanche Treasury Company which is
accumulating AVAC which is one of our
portfolio company investments. We also
invested in another DAT for Athena which
is another one of our portfolio
companies which is a decentralized
stable coin. Um now more and more of
these are launching but we're seeing
consolidation on a per asset basis. Now
what do I mean by that? Right now, if
you look at Micro Strategy and uh uh
Bitmine, which is the big Ethereum one,
those comprise already 88% of the
trading volume of all of the DATs,
right? Just those two, which tells you
there's consolidation, and there's not
going to be room for multiple ones for a
particular asset. It's going to be the
winner gets all the gains. Um, and you
can have one for each asset as an access
play to allow investors who don't
necessarily want to go and buy spot of
the underlying on Coinbase or Binance or
whatever. They can buy directly through
the stock market in this interim
solution before you have an ETF for the
underlying asset. So, it's I I I think
these DATs make sense as an overall
asset and they can do things that an ETF
can't do. They can do staking. They can
do, you know, capital accumulation as
well as go get involved directly into
the ecosystem to do value pooling.
>> The end trip, right? At some point, it's
all going to stop.
>> Well, no, it's not that it's all going
to stop. I think what's going to happen
is that the navs, the mnavs, the
multiples to nav, they're going to go to
one or 1.1, something very stable. And
it's not going to be, oh, these things
are trading at 2x, 3x navs. I think
people have already seen that happen,
right? So, micro strategy premium was at
like 2x u, you know, just 6, nine months
ago. Now it's come down to like 1.4 1.5.
Everything else is basically at one. And
I think that's normal. That's what you
should expect in a stable market is that
yeah, there's not a crazy premium
arbitrage. The story is more around how
can they create value that's going to be
acrewing to the underlying not at like a
50% premium but more closer to like
within call 10 15%.
>> So consolidation is happening. Do you
expect further consolidation? And who
might the winners be? Is it a case of
the big boys will win for sure?
>> I think that's true on a per asset
basis. Definitely it's going to be the
case. you see M&A happen. So right now
there's way too many of these vehicles
and if some of them are trading at
discounts to NAV, then the economically
rational outcome is that the big guy
who's trading at a premium to NAV or
trading a par goes and acquires the
vehicles that are trading at discounts
and by coagulating them into a single
big vehicle all of a sudden those those
discounts can get erased, right? So
we're definitely going to see that.
Doesn't really make sense to have like
10 teams and all of them have their own
management team, their own uh you know
filings and regulatory obligations. It
should be that there's consolidation in
the market. It's too early to see that
yet, but I suspect over the next six to
12 months, we will see that.
>> Where are you deploying capital right
now?
>> So, a lot of our money goes into early
stage investments. So, like seed, series
A, uh, we're investing a lot in the
stable coin space. We also invest a lot
into infrastructure. DeFi continues to
be a big part of our investment thesis
and you're seeing a lot of growth in
DeFi this year. Um, big story around
Hyperlid, which is a large perpetual
swap exchange. is purely on chain and
we've seen a bevy of new products that
are going live playing for this
decentralized marketplace. Now DeFi
you've seen grow to something like 15%
of the centralized exchanges volumes is
now purely in DeFi. That's a really big
story. Before it was close to like 1 to
2%. So that I expect that number to
continue to grow and that's another area
we spend a lot of time on Dragon.
>> Are you excited about what's being
offered here in Asia?
>> Asia is a big part of the story. So
Hyperlid themselves their team is here
in Asia. So, same thing with uh with
Aster, which is right now the number one
DeFi exchange by trading volume. Um,
Asia's always been a big part of the
story in crypto, not just in terms of
builders, but especially in terms of
adoption, the go to market and of course
the biggest change in the world, they're
all here in Asia. So, Asia is a big part
of the story. That's why we spend a lot
of our time on the ground here in Asia
as well.
>> Where do we go from here? Because we
have the likes of uh I guess that is it.
I've just gotten my uh instruction to
wrap it up. Thank you so much for
joining us. Haz Guresi, managing partner
at crypto investment firm Dragonfly. Of
course, uh
>> we have a lot more coming up here from
token 2049. Ivonne, we will continue
this conversation.
>> Yeah, you got a great lineup coming up.
Haz there joining us live from token
2049. As we mentioned, we have more in
the next hour. Haz will be speaking with
uh executives from the likes of Robin
Hood, Ethereum and Circle, all the big
guys there. Plenty more ahead. This is
Bloomberg. All
[Music]
right, time now for a look at stories
that are making headlines in China's
domestic media. We're talking about
Golden Week, right? That's the key focus
with news outlets reporting, get this,
23 million passenger trips estimated on
the first day of the travel rush. Let's
get to our China correspondent Mim Lo.
She's tracking all things Golden Week,
traffic, spending patterns, what have
you. Uh, give us a flavor of what these
preliminary numbers tell us.
>> Yes, Chinese state media has really been
highlighting some of the better
performing sectors of the economy. So
they're highlighting the Yangza River
Delta, which is Shanghai and some of the
eastern provinces that are the economic
powerhouses of China. And they're
talking about rail travel, up about 10%
on year, and Shanghai in particular
expected to see a single or expected to
have already hit a single day record on
October 1st when it comes to rail
travel. But overall nationally, we're
looking at cross regional trips up about
1.7%. So not as high as the Young River
Delta, but still very solid numbers
there. One area that that is not doing
so well is the box office data. Based on
day one of the numbers, we're looking at
300 million UN on October 1st. It sounds
like a lot, but you compare it to last
year, it is one-third below last year's
numbers, and it's less than half of what
it was back in 2019 before CO. There you
go.
>> Um, let's look at social media. There's
always some interesting insights there.
>> Yes. The latest phenomenon is Chicken
Cutlet Bro. He is um
>> chicken cutlet bro.
>> Yes.
>> He's based in a small town called Zing
Dan which is the porcelain capital of
China.
>> That's amazing.
>> I love him.
>> Yeah.
>> So this place have been selling has been
making porcelain for thousands of years.
But now people are going for the chicken
cutlers and you can see it's like a
performative sport. He's going I'm going
to make one for you. I'm going to make
one for you. I'm going to make one for
you. And that whole clip he's talking
really fast and juggling a lot of
things. That clip became a meme where
people would replace the customers at
the back with all the people they have
to deal with in their daily lives from
their wives and their husbands to their
clients to their bosses. So it became
this meme that really uh you know got
this guy famous a few days ago and now
people are flocking to this city eating
dodge to uh eat his chicken cutlet. And
it's really interesting because the
local government then paved the road uh
leading to this place and that became
the hashtag on Chinese social media.
>> I love it. chicken cartlet road gets
paved before National Day. That's a
hashtag on Waybo. Um, and we can show
some of the interesting comments that
we're seeing. Some people are saying,
"Wow, it only takes half a day to pave
the road. In my hometown, it takes 10
years." Uh, and some others are saying
that this guy Yeah. This guy, he is um
single-handedly raising the GDP of the
chicken road.
>> Yeah.
>> And it's interesting. It's a
heartwarming story because there are a
lot of locals who are so enthusiastic
about the visitors coming. They brought
chairs like hundreds of these red red
stools. Give it out to, you know,
visitors to sit on while they queue for
that chicken cutlet.
>> He's a hustler. You could tell, right? I
don't even think that's a fast
>> the volunteer with the stack of stools.
>> Oh my god.
>> Do we know if the food is any good?
>> It must be.
>> Well, people are queuing hours to get
his chicken cutlet, but there is a guy
who commented and said, "This guy is so
skinny. He's going to be as skinny as
his chicken cutlets." Like the at the
rate that this goes. I was going to say,
I mean, how, you know, does he get does
he get a break? Does he get a lunch
break? It looks like he's just
constantly frying up those things. I
love it. I love this story. And they're
talking about how he's like an example,
right, of a hustler, right? Don't lie
flat. Don't, you know, involute.
>> Yes,
>> he's a good example.
>> And I'm hungry.
>> I love it. Chicken cut, bro. I love him.
>> Something for the fake fitness
influencers to follow. people who are
faking high rocks and posting your
pictures. Follow that. Look at him. Look
at him. Right. So you can enjoy your
meal and also be fit and active and um
>> work hard, play hard, man.
>> Clock your steps.
>> Chicken cutlets. The fried chicken
cutlet is not that healthy.
>> I need that now.
>> It's okay.
>> Okay.
>> Sometimes you got to balance your life a
little bit, right? Enjoy a little bit.
M. Thank you. M our China correspondent.
We're going to get this for I know what
we're going to get for lunch. I know
exactly during China consumption or
golden week, I should say. All right.
Benchmarks are doing this. uh Hangzen
continues to see it is an up arrow
story. We're close to 400 points to the
upside here right now. Uh it was
interesting, right? We're talking to
Laura Wang from Morgan Stanley earlier
about you got to if you want to get
returns, what's going to be the key
driver? And they say it has to be
earnings growth, right? And for the
first time, I think maybe in a few quart
I think since late 2024, she said you're
starting to see those positive
revisions, right? Particularly in the
tech sector. So that's why they say
focus on these mega cap sort of tech
stocks there. you were starting to see
>> that ROI really when it comes to some of
these plays.
>> Yeah, the ratio of the upgrades to
downgrades has finally turned positive
in the last few months or so making
China the second market currently behind
the US that has had that. So earnings
are coming and maybe to justify part of
the rally here do not get too concerned
over this d you know this divergence
between the market and the economy
because earnings have started to broaden
out and have really started to stabilize
and and also turn uh AI is in play
semiconductors in focus also casinos we
talked about golden week doing this
plenty more ahead here on Bloomberg
television for us we will see you all
Tomorrow.
[Music]